# Scott Kinyon
## Final Assignment

This assignment taught me a great deal about web design and development. I learned that a refresh of a web browser might not be enough to show recent changes made to html or css files. I made a habit of regularly viewing my html pages in a web browser to help visualize the result of my code. However, there were a few times when I changed the code, refreshed the browser and the changes did not show up. I assumed it was a flaw in my code, but later realized that closing the html file in the web browser and re-opening it often yielded the desired results. It was a good reminder to trust the logical consistency of coding and to take time to step away and step back to a project.

I finally begin to see how all of the different topics we've covered fit together to achieve effective web development and design. For this project I also employed some of the applications and projects from previous Media Arts classes to provide content. The interconnectedness between content, code, and design is quite fascinating. A good, effective website must do well in all three categories.

For this assignment I started by copying my CSS website assignment and then proceeded to make changes to the html and css to match my design concept. I find that the most helpful place to start in terms of design is with typography and color palette. Once you have your site's subject in mind choosing fonts and colors helps establish a guiding aesthetic that can then be complemented by the structural and style choices made in the html and css documents. I spent a lot of time in other applications such as Adobe Illustrator, Photoshop, Premier Pro, and Audition. I found that the more I was invested in the content the more I cared about presenting it cleanly and effectively in html and css. Finally, while I did reference past lessons for guidance I also did some outside research to find solutions to specific problems. The great thing about html and css is how ubiquitous it is. People everywhere are writing in these languages and seeking solutions to the same problems.
